index/index.md, before:

# Decred events

## September 2020

- Sep-25: [Let's Talk Decred 14: The wild crypto maximalism](20200925.1.md) (elian)
- Sep-17: [Let's Talk Decred 13: How to start a career in STEM and blockchain?](20200917.1.md) (adcade, elian)
- Sep-11: [Let's Talk Decred 12: The importance of the community around blockchain protocols](20200911.1.md) (caibarrad, elian)
- Sep-04: [Let's Talk Decred 11: Timestamps in Blockchain](20200904.1.md) (elian)

## August 2020

- Aug-31: [Future of Organizational Structures: Centralized VS Decentralized](20200831.1.md) (elian)
- Aug-29: [From Laws to Protocol](20200829.1.md) (adcade)
- Aug-28: [Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies legal status in Latin America](20200828.2.md) (elian)
- Aug-28: [Let's Talk Decred 10: Cybersecurity and privacy](20200828.1.md) (adcade, elian)
- Aug-20: [Let's Talk Decred 9: Legal perspectives of cryptocurrencies](20200820.1.md) (adcade, caibarrad)
- Aug-17: [Decred Talk 2](20200817.1.md) (michae2xl)
- Aug-11: [Decred Talk 1](20200811.1.md) (michae2xl)
- Aug-06: [Let's Talk Decred 8: Commerce and cryptocurrencies](20200806.1.md) (elian)
- Aug-05: [Governance and blockchain in Latin America](20200805.1.md) (elian)

Commit message:

build site from master 71552eb

index/index.md, after:

# Decred Events

This is the index of past Decred events. Pages are generated from YAML files. To list your event please follow [these instructions](https://github.com/decredcommunity/events/blob/master/docs/submit-index.md).

## September 2020

- Sep-25: [Let's Talk Decred 14: The wild crypto maximalism](20200925.1.md) (elian)
- Sep-17: [Let's Talk Decred 13: How to start a career in STEM and blockchain?](20200917.1.md) (adcade, elian)
- Sep-11: [Let's Talk Decred 12: The importance of the community around blockchain protocols](20200911.1.md) (caibarrad, elian)
- Sep-04: [Let's Talk Decred 11: Timestamps in Blockchain](20200904.1.md) (elian)

## August 2020

- Aug-31: [Future of Organizational Structures: Centralized VS Decentralized](20200831.1.md) (elian)
- Aug-29: [From Laws to Protocol](20200829.1.md) (adcade)
- Aug-28: [Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies legal status in Latin America](20200828.2.md) (elian)
- Aug-28: [Let's Talk Decred 10: Cybersecurity and privacy](20200828.1.md) (adcade, elian)
- Aug-20: [Let's Talk Decred 9: Legal perspectives of cryptocurrencies](20200820.1.md) (adcade, caibarrad)
- Aug-17: [Decred Talk 2](20200817.1.md) (michae2xl)
- Aug-11: [Decred Talk 1](20200811.1.md) (michae2xl)
- Aug-06: [Let's Talk Decred 8: Commerce and cryptocurrencies](20200806.1.md) (elian)
- Aug-05: [Governance and blockchain in Latin America](20200805.1.md) (elian)
