Event-Report-Template.md, before:

This is a work in progress. Use this template to write up your experience of events you have attended to share the knowledge with the community. 

## Report on an event you attended

In the main repo, under the 'reports' folder, find the .md file for the event you are reporting on. If one does not exist, create a new file with the naming convention: YYYYMMDD-name-city.md. Use hyphens instead of spaces in event or city names. 

For example if you attended Consensus 2018 in New York, the report file would be called 20180514-Consensus-2018-New-York.md.

Either add to the relevant parts of the write up or use the following template if you are the first to report on the event:

```* Event Name: include location
* Report contributors: credit all those who contributed to the report
* Decred Partcipation: Multi-option [Hosting / Exhibiting / Speaking / Attending only] with comments on roles of individual contractors if applicable
* Total number of attendees: 
* Desired goals from Decred involvement in event:
* Evaluation of event in achieving these goals:
* Preparation required:
* Would you recommend participating in this event in the future:[Yes / No] with additional comments if needed
* Links to media (photos, videos etc.):
```

This format is a work in progress. If you would like to suggest a modification to this template please [create a new issue](https://github.com/heyvj/decred-events/issues/new).

Commit message:

Updated Event Report Template (markdown)

Event-Report-Template.md, after:

This is a work in progress. Use this template to write up your experience of events you have attended to share the knowledge with the community. 

## Report on an event you attended
### Where to submit
In the main repo, under the 'reports' folder, find the .md file for the event you are reporting on. If one does not exist, create a new file with the naming convention: YYYYMMDD-name-city.md. Use hyphens instead of spaces in event or city names. 

For example if you attended Consensus 2018 in New York, the report file would be called 20180514-Consensus-2018-New-York.md.

Either add to the relevant parts of the write up or use the following template if you are the first to report on the event:
### Report template 
This is a good starting point, however each event is different. Feel free to deviate from this and improve upon the format.

```* Event Name: include location
* Report contributors: credit all those who contributed to the report
* Decred Partcipation: Multi-option [Hosting / Exhibiting / Speaking / Attending only] with comments on roles of individual contractors if applicable
* Total number of attendees: 
* Desired goals from Decred involvement in event:
* Evaluation of event in achieving these goals:
* Preparation required:
* Would you recommend participating in this event in the future:[Yes / No] with additional comments if needed
* Links to media (photos, videos etc.):
```

This format is a work in progress. If you would like to suggest a modification to this template please [create a new issue](https://github.com/heyvj/decred-events/issues/new).
