reports/20191029-decred-meetup-bogota-colombia.md, before:

# Decred Meetup in Bogota, Colombia

Report by @elian

#### Info

- dates: 29 October 2019
- location: Prime Coworking, Bogota, Colombia
- announcements: [twitter](https://twitter.com/Decred_ES/status/1188496680133500934), [twitter](https://twitter.com/Decred_ES/status/1188872913660862464), [twitter](https://twitter.com/Decred_ES/status/1188493832863866886), [eventbrite](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/que-hace-a-decred-una-criptomoneda-diferente-primer-meetup-oficial-tickets-78464211569)
- visitors: 45

#### Decred presence

- attendees: @elian, @victorarubin

Swag distributed:

- T-shirts: 20
- stickers: 100

## Overall experience

Decred organised a meetup in Bogota, Colombia, with the local support and co-hosting of Blockchain Academy Colombia, as part of their regular meetups on cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology. They are one of the most well-known and respected startups in Colombia working to develop cryptocurrency and blockchain communities, they are supporting projects to get closer to the Colombian ecosystem and to educate on innovative technologies.

We got the chance to present the project to the local community of entrepreneurs, developers and enthusiasts of Bogota. The presentation was a high level overview of the project main characteristics: its cypherpunk ethos, the hybrid blockchain PoW/PoS, Politeia, the contractor model and our plans for the future. Of particular interest for the devs on the audience was the integration of Lightning Network, Decred's devs involvement in the development of Atomic Swaps and the possibility of ticket splitting through the LN.

The question of the audience were very interesting and allowed for a deep conversation about Decred. Some of the most interesting question were about the attack vectors to the decision making process of Decred, the role of PoS tickets on the validation of Decred's blockchain, what gives value to Decred and how is the social contract of Decred maintained. There were also interesting question about the degree of decentralisation of Decred's DAO and how sustainable funding can allow open source projects to worry about coding instead of profiting.

I was glad to have such level of question as it is a reflexion of and audience that is aware of the many nuances of creating a global digital currency under the foundations of global, P2P, uncensorable, permissionless, self-governed Store of Value scarce digital asset.

## Media

Photos:

- https://twitter.com/victorarubin/status/1189562994474266624

Social media:

- https://twitter.com/Decred_ES/status/1189321789559771138

News coverage:

- https://es.cointelegraph.com/news/decred-starts-series-of-meetings-in-colombia
- https://www.diariobitcoin.com/index.php/2019/10/28/colombia-blockchain-academy-realizara-primer-meetup-sobre-decred-en-bogota/
- https://www.diariobitcoin.com/index.php/2019/11/01/meetup-en-bogota-la-moneda-decred-es-una-de-las-mas-descentralizadas-y-seguras-del-ecosistema/

Commit message:

20191029-decred-meetup-bogota-colombia.md
Updated with information from comment on October DJ.

reports/20191029-decred-meetup-bogota-colombia.md, after:

# Decred Meetup in Bogota, Colombia

Report by @elian

#### Info

- dates: 29 October 2019
- location: Prime Coworking, Bogota, Colombia
- announcements: [twitter](https://twitter.com/Decred_ES/status/1188496680133500934), [twitter](https://twitter.com/Decred_ES/status/1188872913660862464), [twitter](https://twitter.com/Decred_ES/status/1188493832863866886), [eventbrite](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/que-hace-a-decred-una-criptomoneda-diferente-primer-meetup-oficial-tickets-78464211569)
- visitors: 45

#### Decred presence

- attendees: @elian, @victorarubin

Swag distributed:

- T-shirts: 20
- stickers: 100

## Overall experience

Decred organised a meetup in Bogota, Colombia, with the local support and co-hosting of Blockchain Academy Colombia, as part of their regular meetups on cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology. They are one of the most well-known and respected startups in Colombia working to develop cryptocurrency and blockchain communities, they are supporting projects to get closer to the Colombian ecosystem and to educate on innovative technologies. The meetup was also covered cohosted by Cointelegraph en Español and Panda Exchange. 

We got the chance to present the project to the local community of entrepreneurs, developers and enthusiasts of Bogota. The presentation was a high level overview of the project main characteristics: its cypherpunk ethos, the hybrid blockchain PoW/PoS, Politeia, the contractor model and our plans for the future. Of particular interest for the devs on the audience was the integration of Lightning Network, Decred's devs involvement in the development of Atomic Swaps and the possibility of ticket splitting through the LN. The event was attended by about 60 people of all ages from 20 to 50, mainly crypto enthusiasts. Of them some 10 used to mine DCR back in the day with their GPUs.

The question of the audience were very interesting and allowed for a deep conversation about Decred. Some of the most interesting question were about the attack vectors to the decision making process of Decred, the role of PoS tickets on the validation of Decred's blockchain, what gives value to Decred and how is the social contract of Decred maintained. There were also interesting question about the degree of decentralisation of Decred's DAO and how sustainable funding can allow open source projects to worry about coding instead of profiting. Also questions on the degree of centralization in Decred’s governance, the role of ASICs, adoption plans in Latam and when DCR could be used to buy beer

I was glad to have such level of question as it is a reflexion of and audience that is aware of the many nuances of creating a global digital currency under the foundations of global, P2P, uncensorable, permissionless, self-governed Store of Value scarce digital asset. As part of the meetup we give away 1 DCR to the local community through an activity in which attendees would have to like, RT and comment #DecredenColombia in order to participate in the random selection of a winner. This activity presented a high level of engagemnet from the audience (link to give away https://twitter.com/Decred_ES/status/1188496680133500934). 


## Media

Photos:

- https://twitter.com/victorarubin/status/1189562994474266624

Social media:

- https://twitter.com/Decred_ES/status/1189321789559771138

News coverage:

- https://es.cointelegraph.com/news/decred-starts-series-of-meetings-in-colombia
- https://www.diariobitcoin.com/index.php/2019/10/28/colombia-blockchain-academy-realizara-primer-meetup-sobre-decred-en-bogota/
- https://www.diariobitcoin.com/index.php/2019/11/01/meetup-en-bogota-la-moneda-decred-es-una-de-las-mas-descentralizadas-y-seguras-del-ecosistema/
